Now to delete the item which was pressed I'll add a new function here in my app component.
So a new function which has stored in this constant.
And I'll name it remove goal handler.
And here I expect to get the goal I.D. as I input because this idea allows us to identify the item which
we want to remove as an alternative.
We could also get the index India array and then removed the item by index.
But I think the idea is even better because well we have an I.D. clearly matched to every item why wouldn't
we use that for the leading it.
And now in here we can set our course goals because of course I want to update my course goals.
And again we're making an update that's based on our current course goals.
So I'll use that function form here.
I pass a function an anonymous function to set course goals.
There I get my current state snapshot.
My current course goals and in the function body I have to return the updated course goals.
Now in case you're wondering why I don't have curly braces UP HERE here I use the shorter syntax where
I only have one expression which I want to return.
So I amidst the function body and the return statement here.
I'll have a little bit of a longer statement therefore I want to have the function body here for readability
because in your all return current goals filter because filter is a built in method built into javascript
that allows us to return a new array filter always yields a new array which is based on the old array
on which you're calling it filtered by a certain criteria.
Now the criteria is new and passed with the help of a function which you pass to filter this function
which you pass to filter gets the goal because this function runs on every element on the array you're
calling it.
So in this case it runs on every goal we have in the current golden array and therefore we get that
goal.
It's currently running on and now we can return true if we want to keep that item or false if we want
to drop it and we want to return true if the idea of the goal we're looking at is not equal to the goal
I.D. We're getting us our argument because that's the idea of goal we want to delete.
So we only want to keep items where these ideas do not match because if they do match then that's the
item we want to get rid of.
And therefore we of course want to drop it from our new Array.
So this is defaulter logic for getting rid of all item and returning this here as our new state which
is new and set thereafter.
Now we can connect remove handler to on delete and now here we got two options or multiple options of
doing this.
We can simply point add remove goal handler but keep in mind that you need to pass the I.D. So option
number one is that you also forward the idea here to goal item by simply pointing at item data dot item
dot I.D. because just as each item has a value each item here also has an I.D. because we're adding
an idea when we're adding an item up there and now as IDs we pass the I.D. to the goal item and we pass
the on delete prop to the goal item inside of the goal item here where we call on delete in the end
or where we forward the handler on delete points at 2 on press.
We could all the bind this to set a default argument when this gets called into default arguments here
would be props ideas so the idea we're all getting so that this idea is passed 2 on delete when it's
getting called upon a press that's option number 1 and it's the option I will use but also to show you
the other option the other option would be that you don't pass the I.D. 2 goal item but instead here
on delete you know in the end the removed goal handler will be executed and then here you could add
bind this and then point that item data item I.D. Dad would all the work.
Now I will revert this however and I will go with the approach where all the information is instead
of the goal item and we do connect our function with the idea from inside to go item now is that we
should have a setup where we can all delete our goals.
So let's wait for this to reload and let's test it maybe here on us we want to learn React Native and
now I want to use different names so that we can see if we deleted the right one.
We want to learn it all we want you maybe also get really good at React Native and whatever it is.
And now I will actually click on learn it all to to delete that and that seems to work here.
Learn React Native and now.
The last one all delete it and also without any errors here.
So this seems to work fine with Dad we're deleting items with the help of touchable touchable opacity
in this case which helps you register events like on press on any component or on any components you
need.